wake up the dictation microphone icon
voice control is a breakthrough feature
that gives you full control of your
devices comma with just your voice
period it's a whole new way to do
everything you love
period like this correct love a list of
numbered options
16. the word is replaced by a red heart
open photos ian sits in a wheelchair in
front of an imac scroll up
show numbers 13. a man with a bike
click share share options three
messages tim next field
ian composes a message let's ride this
one today thumbs up emoji
click send open maps
show grid long press at 20. a marked
location on the pacific coast scenic
byway open app switcher ian's wheelchair
mounted iphone
4. tap share
tap time tap then
now ian rides his motorized wheelchair
across a pedestrian bridge over a blue
river
later he uses a sip and puff controller
to ride along a forest trail
tim bikes up next to him hey good to see
you
open music turn up the volume
tim and ian look out over a glistening
mountain lake an apple logo